# I. Project Background and Value
## 1. AIGC+NFT

ChatGPT reached over 100 million monthly active users just two months after its launch, making it the consumer app with the fastest user growth rate in history. With the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology, AI-generated content (AIGC) has become an important direction in the digital creative field.

At the same time, the emergence of NFTs has provided better protection and transaction of digital content and value, as well as greater rewards and recognition for digital creation.
Therefore, can NFTs, as a new force in the digital creative field, be combined with AIGC to create more innovative and valuable digital assets?

The answer is yes.

**The combination of AIGC and NFTs can create new digital content and value. The digital content generated by AIGC can be transformed into NFT — a unique digital asset with collecting and investment value.**


## 2. ZK+ML
Prompt technology is very important in the ChatGPT model, as the model's performance largely depends on the quality and design of the Prompt. The Prompt can not only affect the output quality of the model but also improve its efficiency and scalability.

It can provide more accurate and specific instructions for the model, thus better meeting user needs. Prompt technology can also help the model learn new tasks and fields, thus expanding the scope of the model's application.

Creating a Prompt project requires following some basic principles.

Firstly, the Prompt should be associated with the task and should be as specific and accurate as possible.

Secondly, the Prompt should be adapted to different scenarios and users, such as different languages, cultures, and backgrounds.

Finally, the Prompt should be optimized and fine-tuned to ensure that it can provide the best guidance and prompts for the model.

**There has been a long-term discussion around the topics of copyright and privacy, and how to protect the copyright of NFT creators is also a problem that many NFT platforms face. Through ZK technology, and with the help of privacy-oriented chain Aleo, we aim to solve this problem.**


## 3. Artgo
Our project is called Artgo, **aiming to create an AIGC-based NFT creating/trading platform, while using ZK technology to encrypt and publish the Prompt onto blockchain to protect the privacy and copyright of NFT creators.**

Our R&D team consists of AI and Web3 professionals who have years of experience in their respective fields. The AI capabilities are provided by the Waterwheel team. We aim to build an NFT creating and trading platform on Aleo with the best user experience.

# II. Roadmap

## 2023.Q2
1. Form a developing team, select AI models and build the text-to-image generation capability.
2. Develop a demo, support text-to-image generation, and build a user-friendly AIGC+ NFT minting platform.
3. Launch the Dapp on Aleo testnet, and participate in the Deploy Incentives Program.

## 2023.Q3-Q4
1. Further enrich the AI models supported by the platform to facilitate users to create more types of images.
2. Develop NFT transfer/NFT second-market trading features, supporting users to earn through creating and to purchase NFT on the platform.

## 2024.Q1-
1. Expand the types of AIGC and add support for image-to-image generation.
2. Support NFT primary-market issuance (mystery box, auction, launchpad, etc.).
3. Develop an AI scoring feature that allows AI to rate user-generated images.
4. Make use of the machine learning（ML）capability of Aleo to ZK-ize the NFT generation model.